full sapling boys and welcome to the
first episode in driver mario kart 8 in
addition playing with a few friends
gonna try and test this out as a series
i need you guys to let me know in the
comments section do you want to continue
seeing this as a series going to be
doing the forest going to be doing out
last a couple other horror games but
want to do some GTA driver as well as
mario kart 8 driver but let me know if
mario kart 8 is a game you guys want to
see so i'm going to be playing with some
friends their links will be in the
description below make sure to hit that
like button if you guys want to continue
seeing more of this let me know anything
you want to tell me in the comments
section down below this is going to be a
brief video as we played late and didn't
we only had like three or four games or
so but we will continue playing if you
guys want to see it let me know in the
comments section below let's get right
in the episode from pastiche just hot
looking one whoa got the bull how'd you
get how'd you get the boost I don't know
hey Finch oh hey buddy more the red
shell you fucking bitch you bitch a lot
everyone he's fucking gone oh you guys
are in for a world of hurt oh here we go
oh there's those dirty the converse
launched into the low yeah reverse
launch no he let it go he's trying to
hunt down fit tryna hunt down Finch oh
no who do Bates don't do it to me you
don't want him gone
oh dude that was sick fuck the fall I
turned into a fucking bullet dude that
was so sick all right like hell yeah
what stream about than one who else I'm
pastiche that was ryan you were lost yo
did you see that bullet I turned into I
turn in a freakin bullet you yeah cuz
you're a long no that's over all I
didn't finish last my good look
motherfuckers okay whatever I'm still
trying to perfect the drift drifting is
such a important part of the game all
right let's go boys I'm on game I'm
ready I'm so ready let's go yes got the
boys used hell yeah how you get the
booth thought about time minutes on it
all right boys here we go oh shit bang
there we go off I go well oh that slick
wait who's look great a banana dude this
is intense oh this is it us oh wait
who's in who's in front of weight he's
doing me honestly I'm a drifting guru if
you are then you would be fast yeah
that's true place where yo
whoa oh whoa did I get you yes dude that
is a fuckit that's someone that played
sneza snares mario kart right there
that's like that's that sort of movement
I got the eight ball was that what the
hell was that okay have you ever took in
meat on it what the hell was that shit
oh here we go to pull in I'm the boy
it's not something I can see you on the
mat I'm the boys just let's go i just
took everyone do those no way oh the
bullet I'll do that was so sick that was
ridiculous so I'll just sit right did
you say fly by on the bullet these
bitches I blew an engine oh that's
fucking ridiculous these bitches I'll
capsule a fuck oh fuck I nearly crashed
shit no I'll fuck you attorney oh shit
oh no red shoulder fucking red sure my
wrongs took me shit how did I made that
red shell pinch gonna leave us see Tommy
oh my god I see it I'm gonna be first
finish first fucking hell yeah Oh Kenny
boy oh yes I 1000 when I mean II
tonnnyal I wait fitch you were right
near me yeah I was right up your ass
it's honey we are shit look how you have
been doing
okay what the fuck am i lookin at right
now can I move am i paralyzed dude
goddamn fucking